# Electronic Payments
## Discussion

She does housework for me.  

Why can't you take care of your own apartment?  

Why can't you do it?  
She has been doing this for 20 years.  

I adapted to having help at home.  

I don't know anyone who has a maid.  

This is very rare in my country, usually people who old, or disabled have a maid.  

It would be very expensive.  

What do you think about electronic payments?  
In China every store supports electronic payments, especially paying by QR code.   

What are the advantages of using electronic payments?  
Cash is easy to be stolen or lost.  

Every kind of paying that doesn't include cash is electronic payment.  

Are there any other advantages?  
It's easy to pay for goods online.  

Are there any disadvantages?  
There is one disadvantage of using electronic payments.  

The lack of awarness on how much money is being spent. Electronic payments cause people to spend more money than they should, they make us overspend more easily.     

Ten years ago people were using cash to pay for their transport.  

I think government have too deep insight in our lives.  

You need to have your phone, government can see where you went.  

## Vocabulary
### New Words
1. eclipse(verb)
1. facilitate(verb)
1. gravitate(verb)
1. legitimate(adj.)
1. protocol(noun)
1. transaction(noun)

### Useful Words
1. afford(verb):to be able to buy something, to have enough money to buy something.
1. QR Code(noun):quick response code is a visual code that is generated by computer, and used of payments, links, etc.
1. test(noun)
1. tax(noun)
