# Nuclear Power
## Discussion
How are you doing?   
I am very good.  

Do you work on Sunday?  
No, I don't.  

What is your job?  
I work biotech company as an international trader.  

Do you have any hobbies?  
In my spare time I like traveling, go hikking, and trying different food.  

Why do you want to improve your English?  
Language is something that has to be practiced.  

Do you have a chance to use English?  
I communicate with foreign customers.  

Have you traveled abroad?  
I have been to the UK, France, Italy...  

It seems that you like Europe.  

What is your opinion about this kind of energy?  
It's very clean and powerful but it cause a lot of problems.  

Should we build new nuclear power plants?  
Building new nuclear power plants is always controvertial to governments around the world.  

It seems that the human factor was heavily involved in this accident.  

The leader of that power plant ordered to overload that generator. He wanted to get promotion, he wanted to make more electricity so he ordered these noobs, to overload the generator.   

What percentage of electricity in China is generated by nuclear power plants?  
What are other energy alternatives?  
Solar, wind, and water power.  

I read an article that stated that all solar power combined from the whole world, wouldn't be enought to power Tokyo.  

It seems that we don't get so much power from these renewable sources of energy.  

## Vocabulary
### Activities and sports
We use three verbs:

1. play(activities and sports that we do in teams, that resemble games) e.g. footbal, basketball, volleyball...  
1. do(stationary activities, activities that you do in one place) e.g. do an exercise, do yoga, do pilates, do judo, do karate...  
1. go(activities that include movement from point A to point B) e.g. go swimming, running, jogging, hikking, traveling, etc.  

### Useful words
1. guilt(noun)
1. guilty(adj.)
1. eventuate(verb):becomes in the end, turn out in the end.
1. physically(adv.):affectivng physicall world(body), the matter.

## Pronunciation
### Words
1. guilt /gilt/  
1. evenutates /i-ve-cju-ejts/
1. physically /fi-zi-k-li/
1. radiation /re-di-ej-shn/
1. extremely /eks-trim-li-/
